inurl: index.of.password
Directory listing contains password file (s)?

intitle: "Index of" service.pwd
Directory listing contains service.pwd file (s)

intitle: "Index of" view-source
directory containing the view-source file (s)

intitle: "Index of" admin
direcory listing containing administrative files or directories

intitle: "Index of" .htpasswd
contains directory directory .htpasswd file!

intitle: "Index of" log.txt
Directory listing contians log text files

intitle: "Index of" stats.html
Directory listing stats.html which may contain useful web server statistics

"Access denied for user" "Using password"
Web page contains error message which may provide useful application information

"A syntax error has occurred" filetype: The ihtml
web page contains an error message which may provide useful application information

"ORA-00921: SQL command of unexpected end"
Web page contains error message which may provide useful application information

inurl: passlist.txt
The passlist.txt file may contain user passwords

"Index of / backup"
Directory may contain sensitive backup files

intitle: "Index of" .bash_history
Directory listing contains bash history information

intitle: "Index of" index.html.bak
Directory listing containing backup index file (index.html.bak)

intitle: "Index of" index.php.bak
Directory listing containing backup index file (index.html.bak)


intitle: backup index file (index.html.bak) containing the "Index of" guestbook.cgi Directory listing

intitle "Test Page for Apache"
Default Test Page for Apache

intitle: index.of.etc
Directory listing of / etc?

filetype: xls username password
usernames and passwords containing XLS spreadseet?

"This file was created by Nessus"
Nessus report!

intitle: "Index of" secring.bak
Secret key file

intitle: "Terminal Services Web Connection"
Access Terminal Services!

intitle: "Remote Desktop Web Connection"
Access Remote Desktop!

intitle: "Index of" access_log
Directory Listing contains access_log file which may store sensitive information

intitle: "Index of" finance.xls
Directory listing contains finance.xls which may contain sensitive information


intitle: Statistical information for "Usage Statistics" may contain sensitive data

intitle: "Index of" WSFTP.LOG
WSFTP.LOG file contains information about FTP transactions

intitle: "Index of" ws_ftp.ini
The ws_ftp.ini file may contain usernames and passwords of FTP users

"not for distribution" confidential
URL may contain confidential or sensitive information

"phpMyAdmin" "running on" inurl: "main.php"
phpMyAdmin allows remote mysql database administration

" # mysql dump" filetype: sql
mysql database dumps

"This summary was generated by wwwstat"
Database statistics

"Host Vulnerability Summary Report"
Vulnerability Report!

"Network Vulnerability Assessment Report"
Vulnerability Report!

inurl: php.ini filetype: ini
The php.ini file may contain sensitive PHP environment.

BEGIN (CERTIFICATE | DSA | RSA) filetype: key
Private key (s)!

BEGIN (CERTIFICATE | DSA | RSA) filetype: csr
private key (s)!

BEGIN (CERTIFICATE | DSA | RSA) filetype: crt
private key (s)!

intitle: "Index of" passwd passwd.bak
passwd file!

intitle: "Index of" master.passwd
master.passwd file!

intitle: "Index of" pwd.db
pwd.db file may contain password information

intitle: "Index of..etc" passwd
passwd file!

filetype: cfg ks intext: rootpw -sample -test -howto
This file may contain the root password (encrypted)

intitle: "index.of.personal"
Directory may contain sensitive information

intitle: "Index of" login.jsp
The login.jsp file may contain database username or password information

intitle: "Index of" logfile
directory may contain sensitive log files

filetype: php inurl: "viewfile" - "index.php" - "idfil
File may contain PHP source code

allinurl: intranet admin
page may contain sensitive information

"supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource"
mysql error message may reveal sensitive information

"Error Diagnostic Information" intitle: "Error while Occurred"
Error message may reveal sensitive information

HTTP_USER_AGENT = Googlebot
